**************************
C03 Network Science
**************************

Material
========
`Networkx Tutorial <https://networkx.github.io/documentation/stable/index.html>`__

Homework
========
1. Read one paper of the literature listed on our website of chapter3, and write one page discussion of the paper. You are encouraged to introduce the content in this paper and put up your consideration. Your page can include:

- The problem it aims to solve;

- The motivation/importance of the problem;

- The method it uses to solve the problem;

- The conclusion and future work;

- Your comment to the above content.

2. Design/Find a research topic and write one page research proposal to describe the importance of this topic and possible interesting questions about it.

3. Use netxworkx to generate one ER network, one small world network, and one scale free network; Calculate and plot the degree distributions for all three networks. (The total vertices N=1000.)

 For HW1-2, save them as two PDF documents. (English texts are preferred.)

 For HW3, save it as a py code.

Code
====

Literature
==========

  Ohtsuki H, Hauert C, Lieberman E and Nowak MA (2006), `A simple rule for the evolution of cooperation on graphs and social networks <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nature04605>`__, Nature., May, 2006. Vol. 441, pp. 502. Nature Publishing Group.

  da Fontoura Costa L, Jr. ONO, Travieso G, Rodrigues FA, Boas PRV, Antiqueira L, Viana MP and Rocha LEC (2011), `Analyzing and modeling real-world phenomena with complex networks: a survey of applications <http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/00018732.2011.572452>`__, Advances in Physics. Vol. 60(3), pp. 329-412.

  Watts DJ and Strogatz SH (1998), `Collective dynamics of `small-world'networks <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/30918>`__, Nature., 06, 1998. Vol. 393, pp. 440 EP -. Macmillan Magazines Ltd. SN -.

  Battiston S, Puliga M, Kaushik R, Tasca P and Caldarelli G (2012), `DebtRank: Too Central to Fail? Financial Networks, the FED and Systemic Risk <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/srep00541>`__, Scientific Reports., 08, 2012. Vol. 2, pp. 541 EP -. The Author(s) SN -.

  Fair KR, Bauch CT and Anand M (2017), `Dynamics of the Global Wheat Trade Network and Resilience to Shocks <https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-017-07202-y>`__, Scientific Reports., August, 2017. Vol. 7(1), pp. 7177.

  Barabási A-L and Albert R (1999), `Emergence of scaling in random networks <http://science.sciencemag.org/content/286/5439/509>`__, science. Vol. 286(5439), pp. 509-512. American Association for the Advancement of Science.

  Strogatz SH (2001), `Exploring complex networks <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/35065725>`__, Nature., 03, 2001. Vol. 410(6825), pp. 268-276.
  
  Guimerà R and Nunes Amaral LA (2005), `Functional cartography of complex metabolic networks <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nature03288>`__, Nature., 02, 2005. Vol. 433, pp. 895 EP -. Macmillan Magazines Ltd. SN -.
  
  Wang C, Lo C, Liang H, Chien P, Chen H and Lo S (2013), `Inter-firm alliances networks in nanotechnology: The roles of network position and technological uncertainty <https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/6641695/>`__, In 2013 Proceedings of PICMET '13: Technology Management in the IT-Driven Services (PICMET)., July, 2013. , pp. 259-269.

  Barabási A-L and Oltvai ZN (2004), `Network biology: understanding the cell's functional organization <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nrg1272>`__, Nature Reviews Genetics., 02, 2004. Vol. 5, pp. 101 EP -. Nature Publishing Group SN -.

  Barabási A-L, Gulbahce N and Loscalzo J (2010), `Network medicine: a network-based approach to human disease <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nrg2918>`__, Nature Reviews Genetics., 12, 2010. Vol. 12, pp. 56 EP -. Nature Publishing Group, a division of Macmillan Publishers Limited. All Rights Reserved. SN -.

  Adamic LA and Huberman BA (2000), `Power-Law Distribution of the World Wide Web <http://science.sciencemag.org/content/287/5461/2115>`__, Science. Vol. 287(5461), pp. 2115-2115. American Association for the Advancement of Science.

  Stam C, Jones B, Nolte G, Breakspear M and Scheltens P (2007), `Small-World Networks and Functional Connectivity in Alzheimer's Disease <http://dx.doi.org/10.1093/cercor/bhj127>`__, Cerebral Cortex. Vol. 17(1), pp. 92-99.

  Albert R and Barabási A-L (2002), `Statistical mechanics of complex networks <https://link.aps.org/doi/10.1103/RevModPhys.74.47>`__, Rev. Mod. Phys.., Jan, 2002. Vol. 74, pp. 47-97. American Physical Society.

  Goh K-I, Cusick ME, Valle D, Childs B, Vidal M and Barabási A-L (2007), `The human disease network <http://www.pnas.org/content/104/21/8685>`__, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. Vol. 104(21), pp. 8685-8690. National Academy of Sciences.

  Jeong H, Tombor B, Albert R, Oltvai ZN and Barabási AL (2000), `The large-scale organization of metabolic networks <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/35036627>`__, Nature., 10, 2000. Vol. 407, pp. 651 EP -. Macmillan Magazines Ltd. SN -.

  Page L, Brin S, Motwani R and Winograd T (1999), `The PageRank Citation Ranking: Bringing Order to the Web <http://ilpubs.stanford.edu:8090/422/>`__. Thesis at: Stanford InfoLab., November, 1999. (1999-66) Stanford InfoLab.

  Palla G, Derényi I, Farkas I and Vicsek T (2005), `Uncovering the overlapping community structure of complex networks in nature and society <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nature03607>`__, Nature., 06, 2005. Vol. 435, pp. 814 EP -. Macmillan Magazines Ltd. SN -.

  Garlaschelli D, Caldarelli G and Pietronero L (2003), `Universal scaling relations in food webs <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nature01604>`__, Nature., May, 2003. Vol. 423, pp. 165. Macmillan Magazines Ltd..

  Caner T, Sun J and Prescott JE (2014), `When a firm's centrality in R&D alliance network is (not) the answer for invention: The interaction of centrality, inward and outward knowledge transfer <http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S092347481400040X>`__, Journal of Engineering and Technology Management. Vol. 33, pp. 193 - 209.
