***************************
C04 Social Network Analysis
***************************

Material
========

Homework
========

Code
====

Literature
==========

  Palia D, Ravid SA and Reisel N (2008), `Choosing to Cofinance: Analysis of Project-Specific Alliances in the Movie Industry <http://dx.doi.org/10.1093/rfs/hhm064>`__, The Review of Financial Studies. Vol. 21(2), pp. 483-511.

  Hanaki N, Peterhansl A, Dodds PS and Watts DJ (2007), `Cooperation in Evolving Social Networks <https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.1060.0625>`__, Management Science. Vol. 53(7), pp. 1036-1050.

  Castro I, Casanueva C and Galán JL (2014), `Dynamic evolution of alliance portfolios <http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0263237313000844>`__, European Management Journal. Vol. 32(3), pp. 423 - 433.

  Han X, Cao S, Shen Z, Zhang B, Wang W-X, Cressman R and Stanley HE (2017), `Emergence of communities and diversity in social networks <http://www.pnas.org/content/114/11/2887>`__, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. Vol. 114(11), pp. 2887-2891. National Academy of Sciences.

  Kossinets G and Watts DJ (2006), `Empirical Analysis of an Evolving Social Network <http://science.sciencemag.org/content/311/5757/88>`__, Science. Vol. 311(5757), pp. 88-90. American Association for the Advancement of Science.

  Lieberman E, Hauert C and Nowak MA (2005), `Evolutionary dynamics on graphs <http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nature03204>`__, Nature., January, 2005. Vol. 433, pp. 312. Macmillan Magazines Ltd..

  Borgatti SP, Mehra A, Brass DJ and Labianca G (2009), `Network Analysis in the Social Sciences <http://science.sciencemag.org/content/323/5916/892>`__, Science. Vol. 323(5916), pp. 892-895. American Association for the Advancement of Science.

  Morrison EW (2002), `Newcomers' relationships: The role of social network ties during socialization <https://www.jstor.org/stable/3069430>`__, Academy of management Journal. Vol. 45(6), pp. 1149-1160. Academy of Management Briarcliff Manor, NY 10510.

  Tichy NM, Tushman ML and Fombrun C (1979), `Social Network Analysis for Organizations <http://www.jstor.org/stable/257851>`__, The Academy of Management Review. Vol. 4(4), pp. 507-519. Academy of Management.

  Kim J and Hastak M (2018), `Social network analysis: Characteristics of online social networks after a disaster <https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S026840121730525X>`__, International Journal of Information Management. Vol. 38(1), pp. 86-96. Elsevier.

  Haldane AG and May RM (2011), `Systemic risk in banking ecosystems. <https://www.nature.com/articles/nature09659>`__, Nature. Vol. 469(7330), pp. 351.

  Ferriani S, Cattani G and Baden-Fuller C (2009), `The relational antecedents of project-entrepreneurship: Network centrality, team composition and project performance <http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S004873330900167X>`__, Research Policy. Vol. 38(10), pp. 1545 - 1558.

  Perry-Smith JE and Shalley CE (2003), `The Social Side of Creativity: A Static and Dynamic Social Network Perspective <http://www.jstor.org/stable/30040691>`__, The Academy of Management Review. Vol. 28(1), pp. 89-106. Academy of Management.

  Centola D (2010), `The Spread of Behavior in an Online Social Network Experiment <http://science.sciencemag.org/content/329/5996/1194>`__, Science. Vol. 329(5996), pp. 1194-1197. American Association for the Advancement of Science.
